at least 30 Palestinians have been
killed in Israeli air strikes and
schools in Gaza City shortly after the
attacks Rescuers rushed in to save the
injured the two schools were Sheltering
hundreds of people have been forced out
of their homes aaza Civil Defense Force
says 80% of the dead and wounded are
children the Israeli military has said
it was targeting Hamas
Fighters we were just sitting down when
a bomb fell and another hit the school
next door the two schools were housing
displaced civilians and children we have
been retrieving the remains of children
for the past hour this is so unfair how
long will we remain like this we are
tired enough residents of Gaza City said
the strikes came almost simultaneous ly
Al has this
report Israeli War plans targeted Hassan
Salama School in Al aun Street in
Western Gaza City a number of people
were killed and others were injured
inside the school after an air strike
hit several classrooms hosting a large
number of displaced
people we can see blood on the floor
inside the school the fire is still
raging
there are a number of bodies under the
rubble this is the Palestinian people we
are steadfast we are all martys we are
all
martys they killed children and old
people they killed women only God will
save us what did the children
do this was on the Israelis lists of
targets this is a shelter for idps it
has children and
Tor bodies are
everywhere after the Hassan Salama
school was targeted the nearby anaser
school was targeted it shelters
thousands of internally displaced
persons idps it was targeted without
warning there are a number of people
killed and injured because of the air
strike over the last few days Israeli
War plans hit schools in Gaza a city
leaving people killed or injured most of
them are women and children people are
still searching for the missing we are
talking about two simultaneous air
strikes the two schools came under heavy
air
strikes you can see rescue efforts to
pull a girl from the rubble she is still
alive she is being pulled out now she
was
saved Israeli air strikes have been
concentrated recently on IDP Center
which shelter thousands of
idps the last centers to be hit were
anaser school and Hassan Salama School a
large number of people were killed and
dozens were
injured make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al